Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[upbeat jazz music]
It's New Year's in New York.
possibly the most romantic time
of the year.
And everywhere you turn.
folks are ready to gather.
ready to dance.
ready to celebrate.
and maybe ready to fall in love.
[playing "Grace"]
♪ ♪
♪ Can't say
I have ever been faithful ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Except to God ♪
♪ Never felt
I could call anywhere home ♪
♪ Till I fell asleep
here in your arms ♪
♪ 'Cause I... ♪
Between the food
and the wine and Meshell.
mm. I could get used to this.
You deserve a little decadence.
You deserve a lot of things.
♪ Kiss my face ♪
♪ Your love is
my only saving grace ♪
[laughter]
Oh. my goodness.
[sighs]
Wow.
Wow indeed.
- Thank you.
- That was amazing.
- Mm-hmm.
It absolutely was.
Have a good night. Demetrius.
Sweet dreams. J.
Whew.
[soft music]
♪ ♪
Ugh!
Show me one more tacky thing
and you will get paid in coal.
I want chic black and gold
with a hint of holiday. okay?
A hint!
And turn the heat down.
Maybe somebody
from my father's generation.
If he calls you
a "gap-tooth crackhead."
he's saying it because
it's a term of endearment.
Then I'll double the pay then.
Okay. well. if I triple the pay.
he can call you out your name
anytime he wants to.
Get it done.
Quentin.
can you please make sure
that the staff keeps at least
half of the windows open
for the duration of the party?
It's the middle
of damn December right now.
It's 26 degrees. baby.
- So what?
This room is warm.
and Black folks run hot.
Enough! Black and gold. go.
Move now!
Did you get the nurse
to stay for your dad?
I mean.
we gotta get him to stay.
I mean. shit. we can't afford
for somebody else to leave.
It's just gonna cost us
a arm and a leg.
Okay. good.
And?
Do you think I'm a sellout?
I mean. my dad called me
an Uncle Remus
because I wanna sell the hotel.
Don't talk
about my husband like that.
Come on.
you're making next-level moves.
And I'm next-level on the news.
And we deserve a next-level
party to celebrate.
I don't know about
getting everybody together.
I mean. Harper.
he's out of town. I think.
Ugh. one workaholic writer
is not gonna stop my show.
We are having a party.
and no middle-aged mopes
are gonna mess that up.
I mean. we're still young.
and it's gonna be hot.
Damn it!
Why is it still so hot here?
♪ I'm going big.
I'm going large ♪
♪ I'ma level up. and I'm
shooting for the stars ♪
♪ 'Cause you know I'm going in ♪
♪ I'm going hard ♪
Give me another one. Up one.
There you go. There you go.
Hands up.
♪ And I'm shooting
for the stars ♪
Good.
♪ I'm going hard ♪
Good. good.
Good.
You know what? You're a natural.
It's time to get you in
this ring and start sparring.
Sparring. with real people?
[grunting]
Look. Coach. the past couple
of weeks have been great.
but I came in here to blow off
some steam and get in shape.
not compete.
Don't sell yourself short.
I know a fighter when I see one.
[upbeat music]
Take five.
♪ ♪
[train horn blasts]
She says
you're doing such a good job.
When we get home. I want you
to show me your pirouette.
- Okay.
- Okay?
Aw.
Excuse me. miss.
Would you like a sandwich?
God bless you.
Wasn't that our snacks?
Yeah. but we have more at home.
When you can help somebody.
you always do. Mia. okay?
Hey. Jaha.
- Hey.
- Hi.
What's up. Mia?
Yeah. so I'm so glad you guys
could meet me for a minute.
I wanna show you something
a couple blocks down.
Now. this used to be a old
jazz joint called Duke's.
Yeah. Ellington. Basie.
Dizzy. Billie Holiday...
They all performed here.
for the people. for themselves.
- Wow.
- Yeah.
If these walls could talk. huh?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah. there's a great
dining area in the back.
There's room
to expand the kitchen.
Yep. I heard you talking
about you wanting to open
your own pay-what-you-can
Bon Jovi-type
of restaurant up here.
so I thought...
- [laughs]
Jaha. that was just talk.
I mean. that's a dream.
Why not make your dreams
into a reality?
I've seen your passion.
and it's inspiring.
I mean.
it would be a lot of work.
Of course
it'll be a lot of work.
I mean.
nothing worthwhile isn't.
Look. I just wanted
to make you aware of it
before it gets bought up
and turned
into a damn Chipotle. okay?
The realtor. Max.
he's a good friend.
You could get it pre-market.
I mean. this bar would
be great for counter service.
Yeah.
Harper. you got the video?
I think it's the perfect place
for the pay-as-you-go.
I wanna buy it.
We just have
to jump on it today.
No. I don't know the comps.
But can you call the realtor
to save time?
It's Jaha's friend.
Yeah. after your lunch is fine.
Yeah. just please do it today.
Okay.
Oh. Harper. is there something
up with the thermostat?
It's freezing in the house.
See? Look at that.
That is
a next-level play right there.
He cut back. hit that hole.
and he was gone.
And this is a senior at Alabama
that we're
considering drafting. LJ.
And you can do the same thing
in a few years.
You have just as much talent
as he does.
[phone buzzes]
Just gotta work at it.
Now. this play right here.
this is what...
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Son. where are you going?
Kennedy's.
I told her we'd hang out today.
- So that's what this is about.
It's Kennedy.
You're sweet on Kennedy?
Come on now. son.
Look. Uncle Q.
now. that's my man. all right?
You and Kennedy. you guys
practically are like cousins.
Dad. no.
[phone ringing]
Your sister is calling.
Hey...
- Daddy. I broke it.
Okay. Hey. Faith. baby.
Okay. just hold on. Hold on.
What did you break?
What happened?
- Mom's ornament.
I was being careful.
I was just trying to get the
tree and the decorations down.
No one's helping me.
I have to finish.
Mom always got the tree down
by the 31st.
We used to always help her.
Yeah. I remember.
So listen. you know what?
You and I could do it together.
How about that?
- Okay.
[sniffles]
Thank you. Daddy.
All right.
I love you. sweet pea.
- Love you too.
♪ ♪
[box clatters]
- Wait. what?
Canceled?
Daddy's not coming home?
Did you get another flight?
Ugh. wow.
- Mommy!
- Oh.
And the thermostat
is still broken.
It is freezing.
I've tried to make
a service appointment.
but everybody's on holiday
or. you know. booked.
We're really missing you
back here.
Hi. Daddy. I miss you too.
♪ ♪
Okay.
♪ We go around the world ♪
Are you almost done?
Relax. One second.
Okay.
[hip-hop music]
Damn! Ken. you did that.
My cat-eye tutorial
has over a million views.
Of course I did that.
Dad would have me
watching a tape all day
if Faith hadn't murdered
the Christmas tree.
He's not getting it.
So is it possible you
could be wrong about your dad?
He's been famous since
before you were born.
I mean. you've seen
DeBarge's TikToks.
The '80s were wild.
It's not just about the makeup.
It's about making him understand
that I've always felt different.
And I don't know
if he'll love that.
Well. I love you. bitch.
[chuckles]
And I love this beat. girl.
- ♪ Walk. walk. walk. walk ♪
- ♪ Walk ♪
- ♪ Uh. yeah. ho ♪
♪ Yeah. I know
that you could talk ♪
No. this is a once-in-a-lifetime
equity event.
I mean.
once we've spun off the hotels.
we're going to incubate just...
[music blaring]
Hello? You there?
Well. you know what?
Let me call you right back.
♪ ♪
- ♪ Walk. walk. walk. walk ♪
- ♪ Walk. walk ♪
♪ Uh. yeah. ho ♪
♪ Yeah. I know
that you could talk ♪
♪ You talk a lot of shit.
but let me see ♪
♪ If you can walk.
uh. let me see you walk ♪
- ♪ Walk. walk. walk. walk ♪
- ♪ Walk. walk ♪
♪ Uh. yeah. ho. yeah. I know ♪
♪ That you could talk.
you talk a lot of shit ♪
What is
all this damn noise up in...
♪ All eyes on me ♪
♪ Flewed out the city.
Yung Miami. JT ♪
♪ Palmin' in my angels.
can't a ho see me ♪
Look. whatever y'all was doing.
keep that down. please.
♪ Bitch.
I'm bad. bougie. arrogant ♪
♪ I'm the underdog.
yeah. I'm the underdog ♪
All right. listen.
This dude's coming
to fuck you up.
So protect your ribs.
protect your face.
Use your combos.
Don't get punched.
Got it.
- My man.
You're ready
for some abuse. huh?
♪ Every time I win them all ♪
♪ Don't matter the field.
pick the field. I'm the boss ♪
♪ I've got stripes
like the referee ♪
♪ I'll make the boss ♪
Good.
♪ And tell ESPN replay ♪
Got him. watch him.
Come on!
♪ ♪
♪ I'm the underdog.
yeah. I'm the underdog ♪
Yeah. okay!
Good. yeah.
♪ ♪
[growls]
- What I tell you?
That's what I'm talking about.
Whoo!
[chuckles]
[phone buzzing]
Hey. What's up?
What the fuck
is "non-bindering"?
Oh. did LJ tell you?
And it's nonbinary.
LJ doesn't ascribe
to the same gender binary
that we cis people do.
Wait. who are you calling a sis?
"Cis" as in cisgender.
What the fuck is a cisgender?
Do you remember when Prince
changed his name to a symbol.
and he identified with
the masculine and the feminine?
It's kinda like that.
And by the way. friend.
you need to read more.
- Yeah. well. whatever.
I'm calling Harp.
At the tone.
please record your message.
Voicemail.
Hey. Harp.
LJ is non-bindering.
Call us back.
- Oh. my gosh. why?
- You know what?
I'm gonna call Murch.
- Please don't call Murch.
I love Murch.
But you know
Murch cannot keep a secret.
Hey. what's up?
Hey. What's up. Murch?
Do you know?
Can you be more specific?
Hold on. man.
Look. if he knew.
he would've told somebody
because you know
he can't keep no secret.
I just said that.
Why am I doing any
of this shit anyway?
You're the godmother.
It's your job
to go and tell Lance.
And you are the godfather.
And LJ has to figure this out
on their own terms.
Do what on his own terms?
- Oh. fuck.
I thought I muted you.
- Well. apparently you didn't.
Hi. Murch.
And it's their own terms.
- LJ is nonbinary. man.
He and Kennedy...
They and Kennedy.
They and Kennedy
told Jordan two months ago.
so we. a whole nother pronoun.
gotta tell Lance.
I am not outing LJ.
I agree with Jordan.
When did you get on the phone?
Ugh. the whole building
can hear you. babe.
Shelby. you know about this too?
Well. I'm filling in the gaps.
And now I know why some
of my wigs have gone missing.
Harp is texting.
"Bad signal. only one bar.
"But if you mean
that LJ is nonbinary.
then Lance is gonna
shit a brick."
No shit. Sherlock.
Please tell me that
you are not texting right now
while we're all on the phone.
No.
Look. call us
when you get to a better place.
There. happy? [doorbell rings]
Guys. I have to go.
but can we just all agree
to keep this a secret
for now. please?
Yeah. absolutely.
and by the way. guys...
Yeah. I ain't telling nobody.
When LJ does decide
to reveal themselves.
maybe Lance will surprise us
with his response.
None of us are the same people
we were 20 years ago.
Case in point. I do know
how to keep my mouth closed.
So fuck y'all.
Oh. damn. That was rude.
Wow. that bitch mad.
I'm hot! Turn the air up!
- Ooh!
[chuckles]
Here you go.
- Wow.
- There.
- I could get used to this.
- Of course you could.
I did all the work.
I think I was a pretty good
sous chef for your pasta.
Uh. pasta?
This is Ragu Napoletano.
- Napoletano. okay.
- That's right.
I wandered into a café
in Naples once. had this.
My whole day was blown.
I didn't leave that kitchen
until I knew how to make it.
[inhales deeply] Mm.
What's wrong?
I've just been having
this shooting migraine all day.
Ugh. can you grab the Imitrex
off the counter. please?
Here. Give me your hand.
[clears throat] Okay.
[soft music]
♪ ♪
Now look at me.
And breathe.
[both inhale deeply. exhale]
♪ ♪
Wow. that's pretty magical.
What yogi taught you this?
I used to get ulcers
before speeches.
So I did some research.
took some lessons.
listened to my body.
and learned how to calm it down.
Whew. did I mention
that I could get used to this?
Yes. you did.
So what should we get used to
for New Year's Eve?
We should do something special.
- Oh!
Well. actually. my girlfriend
is having a party.
Do you remember Shelby Taylor?
Yeah. she was a trip.
Yeah. she's having a big party.
and I was planning
on going there.
What do you...
What do you have planned?
I hoped to convince you
to get on a Gulfstream with me
to Paris.
Wow! I wasn't expecting that.
I...
I think that I really have
to go to this party.
It means a lot to her.
I see.
You know...
This has nothing to do with you.
I just think
I need a little bit more time
getting adjusted to us.
I get it.
Okay.
But I can read the room. Jordan.
I'm serious
about regaining your trust.
but I don't wanna
keep chasing you
if you're gonna
keep outrunning me.
♪ ♪
Mm-mm-mm. these young kids here.
This is crazy.
Wow.
[line trilling] Oh. shit.
[phone ringing]
Hey. you.
- Mr. Sullivan.
[chuckles]
Lance. what a lovely surprise.
Yeah. you know. I was just...
I was looking
at some player profiles.
and. I don't know. I guess
maybe I swiped the wrong way.
hit the wrong button.
And you found yourself
looking at me?
Your team must have
quite a need for speed.
[laughs]
How are you?
Good. good.
Well. I mean. I'll just say.
we are getting by.
- Care to elaborate?
- No.
No. I don't wanna bore you
with what's going on with me.
I wouldn't have asked otherwise.
[soft music]
♪ ♪
Okay. well.
there's a lot going on
with my oldest two.
LJ and Faith.
♪ ♪
Ooh. I wanna see.
What do you think?
Do I wear this to the party.
or this. or this?
- Um. I don't know.
They all look nice. sweetie.
Just wear whatever one
you like the most.
But this is important.
Kennedy is always
so IG-ready and judgy.
and LJ is...
I have to look right.
- Honey. honey. honey.
- I have to.
- All right.
Come on. come on. come on.
All right.
let's just calm your body.
Come on.
Take a deep breath.
In.
Out.
Hey. Mom.
Dad. I don't feel so well.
Really? What's bothering you?
I just kinda wanna
stay home and watch TV.
There you go. There you go.
I just wanna watch the ANDYs
and binge
a "Tiny Desk" marathon.
LJ and Kennedy
will clown me for that.
Right.
What if I start panicking at
the party in front of people?
Maybe I should take my meds.
Now. baby. you know
how those meds zonk you out.
I can't believe I'm saying this.
but maybe
I should just stay home.
So wait.
now you don't wanna go either?
We love them.
It's just...
sometimes going over there
can be a lot.
Okay. well. you know.
I really did want us all
to be together.
but if you don't wanna go.
of course.
I mean. you don't have to.
- Yeah.
[doorbell rings]
- Hey.
Jaha. what are you doing here?
You forgot I was coming by
with some extra heaters?
Oh. you know what.
between dropping me off
at her grandmother's and trying
to book another flight
for Harper.
I've been all over the place.
You could put it right there.
Thank you.
I like that necklace.
Oh. thank you.
This was a Christmas gift
from Harper.
He made it to match my signature
on a card I gave him
17 years ago.
Ah. smart man.
Before I forget.
you're still planning
on placing a bid
on Duke's. right?
Yeah. nothing's changed. Why?
Well. Max said he hadn't
heard back from you.
Oh.
Well. Harper had some questions.
so he was gonna
reach out directly.
But I'll check. and we're
gonna put a bid in ASAP.
Okay.
Happy New Year.
[chuckles] Happy New Year.
♪ ♪
Stay warm.
Thanks for the...
Thanks for the heaters.
Happy New Year.
♪ ♪
[lively music]
Your New Year's Eve
may now begin.
Boys.
- Welcome.
The theme for the evening
is gold. obviously.
Gold is a color. not a theme.
- Wait.
Okay. is this literally gold?
Did you expect plastic?
I mean.
we're not savages. Candace.
- Speak for yourself.
- Let's keep it moving.
We have nibblets from my
favorite Michelin three-star.
little bit of Dom. and...
- And candy?
- No. it's an all-adult buffet.
You can find God
or forget your name
but bring in the new year
your own special. positive way.
In other words.
happy golden New Year.
- Yes.
- Yes!
Chocolate shrooms.
groovy gummy bears?
I don't know. baby.
My God. "mellow."
- Hmm.
- Look at this.
We should have just stayed home
with the girls.
Why?
We've left them alone
for date night before.
They're responsible.
- I know.
I've been so busy with work
and with school.
And you know we only have.
like. three New Year's Eve
before they're really gone.
We deserve one night to relax.
I know. You're right.
You're right. we do. We do.
And you know
I adore our daughters...
- Yes.
- But tonight...
For just this one night...
Fuck them kids.
- Ooh!
[laughs]
You know what?
[giggles]
- Fuck them kids.
[laughter]
You know I love you.
- Mmm.
- Mm-hmm.
Mmm. Mmm.
This is inhumane. Quentin.
I should be at Jingle Ball.
Where you should be
is in them damn books.
Bringing home two Ds
because why.
you don't feel the assignment?
- Yeah.
- No.
And when are you
gonna start calling me Dad?
Dads give Jingle Ball tickets.
- Oh. okay.
Then it's Mr. Quentin.
LJ. thank God.
Where's Faith?
Dad is on one.
He got Hope and August
their favorite sitter.
and he got Faith and her
friends Jingle Ball tickets.
- [scoffs]
- But I'm here.
I love you.
but I hate tonight so much.
[laughs]
What's up. man?
I mean. LJ.
What's up?
Have you and your pops
talked at all?
About what?
♪ ♪
Fair enough.
Look. man. what I'm saying is.
I know what it's like
to have a father have really
high expectations for you.
And your pops.
he's hard on you...
'Cause he thinks the world
of you. man.
Happy New Year.
♪ ♪
- Just dropped them off.
They were all excited.
So it was good to see.
- That is great.
I'm glad it worked out.
Well. thank you
for hooking it up.
Of course.
Faith. she really needed. like.
a fun New Year's
to remind herself
she's still just a kid.
And praying on it helped.
of course.
as well as talking to a friend.
A friend?
Oh. okay. Daddy. Do tell.
Maybe don't tell.
[laughter]
You are...
a good dad.
Ah.
You know?
You prayed.
- Mm.
[gasps]
- [giggling]
- Mm.
Mm.
- Thank you for that. Murch.
I just have to get LJ
back to his senses
and back to football.
Ah.
Wait. LJ quit playing football?
[sobbing] Why did he stop?
- No. is that because...
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
Let's get the party moving.
Why are we still talking
about family. man?
Let's get a drink. man.
Let's get them something else.
- What is the matter?
- Music!
Okay. music.
- You wanna hear about it?
So you met her. right?
- Where did he go?
Wait. where was he?
- Whoa.
- Do you feel that?
Is that making your heart pump?
It's making me. yeah.
I feel like
I wanna move my butt.
really move my butt.
Oh. hey. Robyn.
- Hey. happy New Year.
- Happy New Year.
I'm so sorry
that Harper couldn't make it.
- Yeah. me too.
- You're here with friends.
You're here with family.
We got food.
You good?
- Hey. look at you.
- You look gorgeous.
- Thank you.
And this will have
you feeling golden
for the new year in no time.
Oh. um...
♪ ♪
I think I'll keep my feet
on the ground tonight.
But thank you.
- Oh. okay.
Suit yourself.
Ladies and gentlemen.
let's get lit!
♪ I can go on
and make it through ♪
♪ I can't even take my mind ♪
♪ Off lovin' you ♪
♪ ♪
♪ And I wanna say ♪
♪ I never knew there was ♪
♪ A love like this before ♪
♪ A love like this before. no ♪
We talked
for. like. three hours.
It was effortless.
And she's still
fine as hell too.
Mm. too bad she got wifed up.
- Wait a minute.
Are we still talking
about the same concierge
from San Pierre. right?
Right.
Bro. I may not have
heard it correctly.
but I swear I heard that
baby girl didn't get married.
Get the fuck out of here. Q.
Real talk. Joe.
That's what you heard?
Real talk. Real talk.
Hey. hey. hey.
- Hey.
- You okay?
- I'm good.
- Your monkey paw.
- Oh.
Look. [laughter]
- You remember that?
- I remember the monkey paw.
Yeah. man. I am good.
I...
I found a little time to myself.
I've been going to the gym.
Murch time. all mine.
- Hey. cutie.
- Hey. babe.
Hi.
- Hi. baby.
- Look at you.
- This feels so good.
- You feel so good.
Baby.
Those two look like
they're gonna find
their New Year's resolutions
way before midnight.
So where's this Demetrius?
I was hoping
to meet him tonight.
Oh. sweet D.
You know. he wanted
to take me to Paris on a PJ.
And you're here?
I know. but Shelby pressured me.
What... bitch. what? No. uh-uh.
I love your loyalty.
but a private jet to Paris
on New Year's Eve?
Girl. bye.
You better join
the mile-high club
and lock that dick down.
- Mm!
- Mm...
Oh. God. you didn't fuck him?
Why?
Sex with Demetrius
makes me dick-dumb.
- Dick-dumb?
- Dick-dumb. I know that.
I used to ditch class
to hook up with him
in the library. in the gym.
That sounds
kind of fantastic. actually.
Oh. well. it was
until I got played.
I spent weeks
on my dorm room floor
with boxes
of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts.
I love Krispy Kremes.
Quentin. Postmate
three dozen Krispy Kremes.
So even though
it's decades later.
you're still afraid
to trust him?
Oh. my goodness.
You don't have
to trust a man to fuck him.
You know what.
you guys are giving me
a buzzkill. buzzkill!
[laughter]
No. it's not
that I don't trust him.
I don't trust myself with him.
If I sleep with him again.
then I'm gonna be
all the way back in.
And I am not trying
to play myself like that again.
But what if...
What if Demetrius is here
to expand your life this time?
Didn't we all learn from Mia
not to take joy for granted?
What if falling in love
is worth the risk?
[soft music]
♪ ♪
♪ If it's on. then it's on.
like what. like what ♪
then it's on. like what ♪
♪ If it's on. then it's on.
like what. like what ♪
[laughter]
That wig is so fire.
We looked so good last week.
Sucks we can't post it.
[hip-hop music]
Maybe we can.
Oh. baby.
time. time. time. time. time!
Oh. damn! Hey. y'all.
What time is it. guys?
- We're about to miss it.
Come on. come on. come on.
- Come on. you guys.
- We're about to miss it.
- Grab your significant others.
Grab your drinks.
Come on. Come on. Robyn.
You know what.
if I don't do this shit now.
I'm gonna be running from him
for the rest of my life.
All: Ten...
- Come on. guys.
All: Nine. eight...
- Oh!
Maybe Uncle Q. and Auntie
Jordan. and you are right.
New year. new LJ.
All: Six. five...
LJ doesn't play football.
and LJ
doesn't play closet either.
All: Two. one!
Happy New Year!
- Happy New Year. everyone!
- Post that shit.
- [giggles]
[upbeat music]
all: Happy New Year!
♪ ♪
- Happy New Year. Lance.
[chuckles]
May your heart find
all it desires this year.
Happy New Year.
Get in. Murch!
Break it away.
- Get them apart.
Break it away. Oh. my God.
♪ ♪
Oh. God.
You gotta cut them off.
Cut them off.
♪ ♪
[laughs]
Happy New Year. Jordan.
Oh. you made it.
I can't believe
you just showed up.
- Is this another pocket dial?
- No.
No. this time.
it definitely is not.
It's so good to see you.
Guys. this is Demetrius.
- You made it.
- Happy New Year!
- How are y'all doing?
Happy New Year to you all.
- Hey. hey.
- Listen.
So you were saying something
about speaking terms.
Let's talk about that.
We're not really
in contact right now.
I don't really wanna talk
about that on here.
Okay. by the way. listen.
that was great advice
that you gave me on Faith.
She and her friends.
they were just...
Oh. I'm so glad to hear it.
They were really...
I'm sorry.
Do you mind if I hit you back?
I just have something
I have to look into.
- Absolutely. yes.
Call me anytime.
Okay.
[fireworks crackling]
You okay?
No. um...
No. I'm not.
It's Harper.
He's barely home these days.
And when he is.
it's like he has tunnel vision
on his work and his dreams.
[soft music]
I told him how much I wanted
for us to buy
this old jazz place in Harlem.
you know. for a dream I have.
♪ ♪
And now it's gone...
just like he is now.
What kind of marriage is this?
It's okay. Come on.
Come on. It's gonna be okay.
It's gonna be okay.
[sobbing]
I'm sorry.
This is so embarrassing.
Listen. Robyn.
Harper is a good man.
his flaws and all.
And look. Lord knows I've
been affected by it. right?
But he's still my dawg.
He may not always get it right.
but he's a good man.
♪ ♪
Don't give up on him.
I'm trying.
I'm really trying. Lance.
♪ ♪
So you need a few minutes.
or you want me to get you a cab?
♪ ♪
I think...
I think a cab
sounds about right.
♪ ♪
Let me just go get my things.
I got some Prometheus for you.
- Okay. go get it.
All right. that's great.
So that's the fire right there.
That's the fire.
- Oh. ow.
Oh. my God.
did you hurt your shoulder.
like. when you were dancing
or something?
- No. it's been stiff.
I don't know what's wrong.
Mm...
[gasps] Oh. my God.
- What?
- Oh. my God. it just hit me.
Like. it came to me
like a vision.
Your shoulder hurts.
and you're hot.
Shelby. you're in menopause.
- [gasps]
- No. listen.
Listen. you're entering
a next amazing. amazing step
in your journey.
- No.
- This is wonderful.
This is so beautiful.
- It is not wonderful.
It is not possible.
I'm only 40.
Wait. still?
[phone buzzes]
- Oh. goodness.
What is Kennedy doing?
This girl. Can you see?
I set up a Finsta account.
so I can keep an eye on her.
Oh. no. I don't have my glasses.
I can't see.
- I know. I can't either.
Wait. let me
just put it up here.
♪ Walk. walk. walk ♪
- Oh. wow. is that LJ?
- What is this?
- Oh. my God.
He looks so pretty.
- Oh. no.
- Hey. Q...
- Shelby. turn it off.
- What you heard was right.
[gasps]
What's everybody looking at?
Aw. is that Kennedy
and one of her... girls?
Lance. I think
you need to talk to LJ.
♪ ♪
And all y'all knew about this?
Look. we didn't...
Quentin.
I told you
I could keep my mouth shut.
♪ Let me tell you how I feel ♪
LJ.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
We need to talk.
Now.
♪ ♪
So what is this?
It's a TikTok.
Boy. you know
what I'm talking about.
I need you
to start talking right now.
I'm nonbinary. Dad.
So what does that mean.
nonbinary?
What does that mean?
Are you gay?
I don't know.
You wanna be a woman?
Sometimes.
Sometimes?
You wanna be a woman sometimes?
Dad.
I've always felt different.
Like. I'm not a boy or a girl.
I thought I had to choose.
but I don't.
I can be the masculine side
of me or the femme side of me
because they're all me.
♪ ♪
Can you respect that?
I already told all my friends.
Auntie Jordan. Uncle Q.
Nobody cares.
I care. LJ.
♪ ♪
I care.
Now you wipe that shit
off your face.
We're leaving.
♪ ♪
And where are you gonna put it?
I already put it in the box.
[laughter]
'Cause that's where it goes.
[hip-hop music playing]
Kellie?
♪ ♪
[groans]
I think I ate too much.
Ugh.
- [gags]
- Ke...
♪ ♪
Keisha?
Do you like my outfit?
I sent a pic to LJ.
Mom. you were right.
These totally work.
I feel so much better now.
Mmm.
[sighs] Fuck these kids.
♪ ♪
[sighs]
Yo. Shelby is
exactly as I remember.
Well. thank you again
for a wonderful night.
I'm glad that you texted me.
Next time. I hope that...
Okay.
♪ 'Cause I never ♪
♪ Thought I'd fall in love ♪
♪ 'Cause your love is
my only saving grace ♪
♪ You caress my heart ♪
♪ Kiss my face ♪
♪ Your love is
my only saving grace ♪
♪ Your love ♪
[Meshell's "Grace"]
♪ Sometimes God calls out
to me to come home ♪
♪ 'Cause I feel so alone ♪
♪ Then I taste your kiss ♪
♪ Your touch ♪
♪ Your sweet love ♪
♪ 'Cause I never thought ♪
♪ I'd fall in love ♪
♪ With you ♪
♪ ♪
♪ 'Cause your love is
my only saving grace ♪
♪ You caress my heart ♪
♪ Kiss my face ♪
♪ Your love is
my only saving grace ♪
♪ Your love ♪
♪ ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org